Justice for you
Look at you incompetent trash
If it weren't for you, could this happen?
Grandma, stop hitting
Now that's the way it is.
You're the only one who can teach them a lesson.
Idiot grandma
Are you really going to find Lin Zhiwei yourself?
You can't say that, shut up for me
Go take this crap and make a group of people neighbors for home
Xiaolang
They're really going to invite your grandma over
Oops mom trust my brother-in-law
He said he would, and he would
Even if grandma comes
We are not afraid of him when we are together as a family
What do you know?
Damn girl, if grandma really wants to target us
We will soon be homeless
Don't worry, as long as I'm here.
I won't let you live on the streets